brought to you by 1a auto calm your
source for quality replacement parts and
the best service on the Internet
hi I'm Mike from 1a auto I hope this
how-to video helps you out and next time
you need parts for your vehicle
think of 1a auto calm thanks in this
video we're gonna show you how to
replace a cabin air filter on this 2003
Chevy Monte Carlo it's the same part and
process on these Monte Carlos from 2000
to 2005 and the items you'll need is a
new cabin air filter from 1a auto calm
flat blade screwdriver and a vacuum
remove your weather strip and your
washer lines
and now you want to remove that clip and
the one over there
but you can see ours is missing to
remove these clips just pry up the
center pull it up and then pry out the
bottom
and then for this clip right here I just
want to twist it out with a flat blade
screw driver while prying up with
another screwdriver
you only need to pry lightly you don't
want to break the clip
and it pulls free and you can lift this
panel up and tuck it aside
right here is your cabin air filter and
you can see ours is in really bad
condition and this is where we recommend
you
this
just pull your tab here closer
on the left is the old cabin air filter
on the right is in the one from 1a auto
you can see they're identical and
they'll fit exactly the same take your
new cabin air filter and you want the
arrow pointing down and then just feed
it back into place
and then just replace that cowl panel
and this clip with the center still up
and then push the center down to lock it
and then reclip your washer hose back
onto those panels and the same with your
weather strip
then just push this clip back down into
place we hope this video helps you out
brought to you by one a Auto comm your
source for quality replacement parts and
the best service on the internet please
feel free to call us toll free 88888 935
is here for you on the internet and in
person